In tree based mulitcast systems.  the interior nodes are highly
available and able to foroward the multicast message load
easily.    This system works will for highly available systems and
dedicated hardware.  This does not work so well for muli-cast
in a peer to peer network.  This difference is really the type
of network you are attempting to multicast over.  This paper
presents Slipstream as a solution to provide application level multi-cast 
over peer to peer network.  it provided low overhead in
maintaing the tree forest of disjointed peers.  

All peers should share the forwarding of messages burden.
Traditional tree-based multicast don't really fit this requirement.

This is a requirement because we want to take advantage of a 
peer to peer envirnment.  Another caveat is that todays p2p apps
are probably high bandwidth.  This is an issue because peers 
forwarding messages may have limited bandwidth.

Split stream addresses these issues.

Splitstream works by the sender dividing their message into 
k parts.  Each part will be assigned it's own tree root node.
Interested peers can add them selve to all k nodes to recieve 
the message.  They as well indicate how many peices of the k peices
they may be willing to forward.  This would of course be dependant
on their bandwdith capability and policies.

Slipstream uses a peer to peer structured overlay to build and
contruct the trees. i.e. CAN,CHORD,PASTRY,TAPESTRY.

SplitStream was implemented and tested using Planet Lab.

SplitStream peers can control their inbound and outbound
traffic.  They accomplish inbound traffic by how many strips k
the peer will receive at any one time. B/k probably.  Out going
bandwidth is controlled by how many children the peer has.  Th
There fore output bandwidth requirement is B/k times #children.

Content is somewhat redundant, so if a peer only recieves a subset
of k messages, the missing messages can be reconstructed.

So node constraint is that a nodes forwarding capacity must
be greater than its indegree.

Application level multicast tree-based can be build and maintained
 in a number of ways.  i.e. scalable application layer multicast 
